from the shackles of prison to a hero's
welcome and tearful
reunions Dua and fatma's brother is
among those who were released on the
third day of the ceasefire omaran was 15
when he was detained his sister say
sentenced to 5 years on FSE
claims there were accusations that my
brother had a weapon he was a child he's
going to have a weapon today we saw his
name on the list for released prisoners
I Can't Describe our happiness but of
course we're still sad for Gaza and
those
killed Omar came out of jail a different
person he went in as a child and came
out still a minor but part of a
ceasefire deal brokered by world powers
many believe that if it weren't for
Hamas they wouldn't have seen Freedom so
soon for Abdullah mua the wait was a
little longer and the anticipation of
finally hugging his 16-year-old son
muaad was difficult to contain he came
alone from Jericho to pick him
up Israeli occupation police said no
celebrations allowed they took down our
license plate number and said only one
person can
go Maad was held under administrative
detention with no charges he was among
39 Palestinians released in exchange of
13 Israeli captives all of them under
the age of 19 still in their prisoners
uniforms relieved to be out but the
majority of those freed on this day were
from occupied East Jerusalem where
police forbid homecomings like the ones
here in ramala clearly stating that any
signs of celebrations would be punished
but behind closed doors family reunions
are no different from here one more
batch of prisoners should be freed on
Monday now their release is directly
linked to the ceasefire in Gaza but
there are indications that maybe this
ceasefire could be extended ald
alhamdulillah ald and that could mean
more Palestinian teenagers and women
finding their freedom again those who
are now out say that couldn't come soon
enough as conditions inside jail have
become too hard to Bear HUD abdulhamid
Al jazer in the occupied West Bank
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz